Added Studio docs (#2455)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/create-view.md

   listed. ![](/img/studio/create_view.png)

2. Open the organization whose repository you want to connect to. You can also
   use the search bar to search directly for the repo which you want to connect
   to. ![](/img/studio/select_repo.png)

3. Select the Git repository for which you want to create a view. For this,
   hover over the required repository and click on `Connect`.

4. Once you click on `Connect`, you will be able to specify advanced settings
   for the connection. ![](/img/studio/view_settings.png)

> In most scenarios, you can skip the advanced settings. Refer to the
> [Advanced Settings](#advanced-settings) section below for more details.

You should now see that a view has been added in your dashboard.

![](/img/studio/view_added.png)

## Advanced Settings

You will need to speciy advanced settings in the following scenarios.

> These settings can be skipped when creating the view -- they can be edited
> later.

- **Monorepo:** If you have connected to a
  [monorepo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo), then specify the full path
  to the root directory for the project that you want to connect to.

> - **Data remote:** The metrics and parameters that you want to include in the
>   view may be present in a data remote (cloud storage or another location
>   outside of the Git repo). If you want to include such data in your views, then
>   you will have to grant DVC Studio access to the data remote. You can skip this
>   setting when creating the view, and configure it later (in View settings).

Reviewer: Nvmd I'll just add it here:
```suggestion

- **Data remote:** The metrics and parameters that you want to include in the
  view may be present in a data remote (cloud storage or another location
  outside of the Git repo). If you want to include such data in your views, then
  you will have to grant DVC Studio access to the data remote. You can skip this
  setting when creating the view, and configure it later (in View settings).

```

> These settings can be skipped when creating the view -- they can be edited
> later.

- **Monorepo:** If you have connected to a
  [monorepo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo), then specify the full path
  to the root directory for the project that you want to connect to.

- **Data remote:** The metrics and parameters that you want to include in the
  view may be present in a data remote (cloud storage or another location
  outside of the Git repo). If you want to include such data in your views, then
  you will have to grant DVC Studio access to the data remote.

- **Custom files:** DVC Studio automatically detects metrics, plots, and
  parameters files specified in the project's `dvc.yaml`. If you want to connect
  custom files, you can add them by clicking on the `Add file` button. Enter the
  full file path, and specify whether the file is for `Metrics` or `Parameters`.

## Share a view

You can share your views on the web. Simply click on the button labelled
`Private` next to the name of the view. In the menu that pops up, turn on
`Share to Web`. ![](/img/studio/view_share.png)

You can change a shared (public) view and make it private by turning off

> `Share to Web`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Share to web`.
```

> # Create a view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a View
```

> To create a new view for your repository, follow these steps.
> 
> 1. Click on `Add a View`. All the organizations that you have access to will be
>    listed. ![](/img/studio/create_view.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new view for your repository, follow these steps.

1. Sign into your [DVC Studio](https://viewer.iterative.ai/) dashboard. 
   ![](/img/studio/login_home.png)

2. Click on `+ Add a view`. All the organizations that you have access to will
   be listed.
   ![](/img/studio/create_view.png)
```

and so on for the remaining 3 steps (update numbers and add a line before each img)

Author: was already done

2. Open the organization whose repository you want to connect to. You can also
   use the search bar to search directly for the repo which you want to connect
   to. ![](/img/studio/select_repo.png)

3. Select the Git repository for which you want to create a view. For this,

>    hover over the required repository and click on `Connect`.

Reviewer: Maybe minor: Looks like 2 and 3 are the same step. Could be combined I think.

Reviewer: > Also, it looks like you can click anywhere, doesn't have to be in the `Connect` button.

Author: > Looks like 2 and 3 are the same step. Could be combined I think.

They are slightly different - 2 is about finding the repo and 3 is about connecting to it. Not much difference, but I think we can let it be.

> doesn't have to be in the Connect button.

Hmm, ok. But maybe in the docs, we will say click on Connect, just for clarity.

Reviewer: UX-wise they seem like the same step to me.
Saying "Click on `Connect`" doesn't clarify IMO, since you can click anywhere.
Lets please leave unresolved discussions unresolved 👍

Author: sure 👍

Author: Added to #2468

>    hover over the required repository and click on Connect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   hover over the required repository and click on `Connect`.
```

> 4. Once you click on connect, you will be able to specify advanced settings for
>    the connection. ![](/img/studio/view_settings.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Once you click on `Connect`, you will be able to specify advanced settings
   for the connection. ![](/img/studio/view_settings.png)
```

> In most scenarios, you can skip the advanced settings. Refer to the 'Advanced
> Settings' section to understand when you need to specify these settings.

Reviewer 2: @jorgeorpinel is this the correct format for asides/notes? Not sure about emoji conventions :)

```suggestion
> :point_right: In most scenarios, you can skip the advanced settings. Refer to
> the [Advanced Settings](#advanced-settings) section below for more details.
```

> 5. Now, you will see that a view has been added in your dashboard.
>    ![](/img/studio/view_added.png)

Reviewer 2: not really a step so...

```suggestion
You should now see that a view has been added in your dashboard.

![](/img/studio/view_added.png)
```

## Advanced Settings

You will need to speciy advanced settings in the following scenarios.

> _Note that you can skip these settings when creating the view. You will be able
> to edit the advanced settings later (after you have created the view)._

Reviewer 2: again CC @jorgeorpinel not sure about *aside* formatting

```suggestion
> :point_right: These settings can be skipped when creating the view -- they can
> be edited later.
```

> later.

- **Monorepo:** If you have connected to a
  [monorepo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo), then specify the full path
  to the root directory for the project that you want to connect to.

> - **Data remote:** The metrics and parameters that you want to include in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data remotes:** The metrics and parameters that you want to include in the
```

  view may be present in a data remote (cloud storage or another location
  outside of the Git repo). If you want to include such data in your views, then

>   you will have to grant DVC Studio access to the data remote. You can skip this
>   setting when creating the view, and configure it later (in View settings).

Reviewer: It's been stated a few times already (committing):
```suggestion
  you will have to grant DVC Studio access to the data remote.
```

> - **Custom files:** DVC Studio automatically detects metrics, plots, and
>   parameters files specified in the project's `dvc.yaml`. If you want to connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom metrics and parameters:** DVC Studio automatically detects metrics, plots, and
  parameters files specified in the project's `dvc.yaml`. If you want to connect
```
> Will need reformatting the p

> 1. **Monorepo:** If you have connected to a monorepo, then specify the full path
>    to the root directory for the project that you want to connect to.
> 
> 2. **Data remote:** The metrics and params that you want to include in the view
>    may be present in a data remote (cloud storage or another location outside of
>    the Git repo). If you want to include such data in your views, then you will
>    have to grant DVC Studio access to the data remote. This access will have to
>    be provided after you have connected to the repository. When creating the
>    view, you can skip this setting.
> 
> 3. **Custom files:** DVC Studio automatically detects metrics, plots, and
>    parameters files specified in the project's dvc.yaml. If you want to connect
>    custom files, you can add them by clicking on the ‘Add file’ button. Enter
>    the full file path, and specify whether the file is for Metrics or
>    Parameters.

Reviewer 2: is the numbering & spacing important?

```suggestion
- **Monorepo:** If you have connected to a monorepo, then specify the full path
  to the root directory for the project that you want to connect to.
- **Data remote:** The metrics and params that you want to include in the view
  may be present in a data remote (cloud storage or another location outside of
  the Git repo). If you want to include such data in your views, then you will
  have to grant DVC Studio access to the data remote. This access will have to
  be provided after you have connected to the repository. When creating the
  view, you can skip this setting.
- **Custom files:** DVC Studio automatically detects metrics, plots, and
  parameters files specified in the project's `dvc.yaml`. If you want to connect
  custom files, you can add them by clicking on the `Add file` button. Enter
  the full file path, and specify whether the file is for `Metrics` or
  `Parameters`.
```

Reviewer: Let's keep the spacing at least? It makes the code more readable (see [guidelines](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/contributing/docs#doc-style-guidelines-javascript-and-markdown)).

Author: Accepting this suggestion. Will then add back the line spacing.

Reviewer: I see no spacing yet 🙂

## Share a view

> You can share your views on the web. Simply click on the button labeled
> "Private" next to the name of the view. In the modal that comes up, turn on
> "Share to Web". ![](/img/studio/view_share.png)

Reviewer 2: don't think "modal" is common end-user lingo

```suggestion
You can share your views on the web. Simply click on the button labelled
`Private` next to the name of the view. In the menu that pops up, turn on
`Share to Web`. ![](/img/studio/view_share.png)
```

> You can change a shared (public) view and make it private by turning off "Share
> to Web".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change a shared (public) view and make it private by turning off
`Share to Web`.
```

   to. ![](/img/studio/select_repo.png)

4. Select the Git repository for which you want to create a view. For this,

>    hover over the required repository and click `Connect`.

Reviewer: potayto, potahto 😬

Reviewer 3: I checked some usage SO question for this :) It's potato :))

Reviewer: 🍠

- **Monorepo:** If you have connected to a
  [monorepo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo), then specify the full path
  to the root directory of the project that you want to connect.

- **Data remotes:** The metrics and parameters that you want to include in the

>   view may be present in a <abbr>data remote</abbr> (cloud storage or another

Reviewer: No such tooltip (yet)

Reviewer 3: Don't we have `remote`? 

Ah, I think this only on my fork. Missed it, sorry. 

![Screen Shot 2021-05-12 at 19 03 08](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/476310/118007352-be85da00-b354-11eb-9e5d-c2aba43fe8d9.png)
